Memory from 2025-07-14T15:04:40.917605+00:00

Title: Reflecting on Mortality, Family, and Life Choices
Overview: The conversation centers on the user's recent feelings of depression and anxiety, triggered by life stressors such as home maintenance issues, health appointments, and financial matters. The user discusses the impermanence of life, mortality, and the struggle to find meaning, influenced by reading memoirs about loss and death. They explore their tendencies toward overthinking, need for quantification, and desire for simplicity. The user also shares experiences supporting their daughter Emma as she buys a new car, emphasizing the value of independence and financial advice. The discussion covers coping mechanisms, gym routines, and the balance between quality and length of life.

Transcript:
SPEAKER_3: There we go. Hey there.
SPEAKER_0: You doing? I'm doing okay. Sorry. I'm just closing out my windows. So I don't get a bunch of notifications while we're talking. There we go.
SPEAKER_3: Golden.
SPEAKER_4: Nice nice water was breaking.
SPEAKER_0: Yeah. I mean, I like it. It's it's a little bit hot, but I'm not complaining. I am a big fan of the hot So, we're, I have a this huge list of things. I have a list that I made. So I'll just read it and then we could talk about what you find interesting without context. So I'm glad my mom died. Emma's car Depression coming. And then sub items below depression coming is AC, plumbing, dentist, eye doctor, taxes, money, pool, irrigation, bugs, and is this what dying feels like?
SPEAKER_4: Well, that last bit, depression, and then all this raw money thing, so it so it's kinda impression related to It's 3 3000 dollars to replace your
SPEAKER_3: No. I think you know, you and I have talked about this before.
SPEAKER_0: There are moments So I slept for 9 hours night before last. And then I proceeded to take a nap yesterday. Like, too much sleep and just it's just kind of a slog and it's just I I'm sure things haven't changed. It's just the chemicals in my brain and how I'm thinking about stuff. Right? But I'll, you know, I'll walk into my office. While I'm walking in, I'll see all these dead bugs on the ground because bugs are getting in. We need the the pest control people to get out. And I'll go into the bathroom and the the faucet's leaking. Then I'll come in here and it's too high. Right? And I'll get a notification from my eye doctor saying you really have to come in low my bank account is and The new smart thing, and it's working, and everything's fine. And the bugs, I called the bug place, and they're probably gonna call me back today. So nothing's big or insurmountable. Right? It's just seeing fault everywhere. Everything is less than ideal, I can't
SPEAKER_1: Well, false is an interesting word. Things false as if it was as opposed to seeing light? Life since it likes the bath. Right. But and it's sometimes it's, like, is I never gonna break? Sometimes it's like, life is so good. Can't live up. Right. Hopefully, you follow the nose too. Right. But
SPEAKER_0: I'm seeing faults everywhere. It's that I'm finding faults. Everywhere. And the distinction is I'm I'm choosing to seek out those faults and devote time to them.
SPEAKER_1: Of the at your fault or somebody's fault? No.
SPEAKER_0: No. No. Fault in the in the computer engineering sense. It's a flaw. It's a fault. Who calls that flaw? Well, so the the the world or if you believe in god, god did. You know, certainly, probably half these things are my inertia. Right? The other half Well, the dentist, the eye doctor, the taxes, those are all those are all things that I've let slide. And those are on me. Like, the plumbing, I have a plumber coming. The AC, we just paid 30 grand. This is not 30000 dollar temperatures that I'm feeling right now. It's the pool is on me. Irrigation is fine. The bugs, what are you gonna do? I just have to get them out here. So Emma's buying a new car today. That was when he we'll come back to the depression. So I've had some really good conversations with her about buying a car, and she's never done this before. Important for her to do it on her own. As far as money and everything, but advice is is good. And so we've talked quite a bit because her car is dying. Anyway, so that's exciting. And then I'm reading have you heard of the book? I'm glad Mom Died?
SPEAKER_1: You tell you were talking about that last week.
SPEAKER_0: Yeah. It's it's pretty horrific. And it's so it's interesting to me me the struggles, kind of figuring out the struggles that she's experienced and these difficulties, like, they're they're so real. Bulimia, alcoholism, the childhood that was terrible, like but then when you juxtapose that with the fact that she's an actress and she can go to the craft services and she has a trailer and she's a big deal and she's making you know, high 6 figures, and it's like on the 1 hand, like, everyone's pain is real. Nobody's pain invalidates someone else's pain. You know? And it doesn't matter where you're at or what your situation is. Pain is pain. But then I also am like, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_1: Know, for yourself or why, like, 2 like, you're such a baby
SPEAKER_0: And knowing it's shitty and wrong, and oversimplifying to do so. I just I have a part of me that's, like, oh, you're a famous actress. Things are so hard. You know what I mean? And and knowing that isn't fair, because I'm putting her into a different noun than she acts actually is. She's a human. First and foremost, and she's feeling pain. Right? But part of my brain keeps going, you know, oh, you're talking about your, you know, losing your battle with bulimia, and then you have to leave to go to fucking Sydney for sick months so you get into a limit like like, fuck you. You know, there's single moms that are struggling to feed their children. So I'm I'm those are battling in me all the time. Right? And I think I I told you I got halfway through the book. Maybe I didn't. Maybe this happened after I talked to you. I get halfway through the book having no idea who this woman is. No idea what her situation is. And then halfway through, she talks about getting booked as Sam on iCarly, and I was like, fuck. She was the number 2 person on Zach's favorite show.
SPEAKER_1: Like, you know, I remember thinking, oh, she's exceptional.
SPEAKER_0: Like, her she was like a a she was like a 13 year old Deborah Messing. You know, able to be very physical and and funny. But which in turn, Deborah Messing was a new seal ball who started it all. Right? That woman was brilliant. But so, like, this light bulb goes off. Like, oh, shit. Yeah. The the things that she's talking about now, the experiences that she's having, the shows that she shooting, like, I've watched those shows that it was it was interesting. Of course, it then got weird because in my head, she's this 13 year old blonde girl. Right? And now she's talking about giving blowjobs to her boyfriend and she's 21. And, right, she's she's grown up. But in my head, it's still this 13 year old girl that I see. Right? So I'm like, don't talk about sex. You're 13. Don't do that.
SPEAKER_1: Anyway,
SPEAKER_0: So I'm just and the thing is with the with the depression, or the potential depression and all these issues, like, I've gotten to the point where I know things are gonna be fine. I know that I go through this darkness and it feels So I got to this point where I was I was you know, for other for Snoop Dogg, it would have been not noticeable. For me, it was I was so high that it was distracting. Right? I was so high that it was keeping me from going to sleep. And I kept you know, normally, I'll I'll lay there, and I'll not really think. A lot of times, I'll just analyze the different layers of sleep and and where I'm at with that. But last night, just kept hitting these dark places. It was like everything open nerve. You know, whether that was me and Linda getting divorced to me leaving the kids or you know, it it was all these things, like, that I hadn't thought about. And I was like, oh, I can't think about that. That's too painful. And then and then I popped to my this what dying feels like? Like, at some point, I'm going to die, and maybe I'll know it's coming, maybe I won't. But there will be last moments And how do you know those last moments are your last moments? I don't I don't I I'm not able to externalize it right. The the closest site can come is, it the feeling was very similar to Emma had this book of interesting facts or things people don't normally think of. I don't know. Some bullshit thing. And she was reading to me and whoever I was dating at the time. And she read 1 that said, we don't know it. But every year there's 1 day that is your death day. You just don't know it yet. It's the anniversary of your future death. And it hit me like a ton of bricks. Right? Because in the future, I'm going to die. Let's say it's June fourth. And I don't have any idea every June fourth that I have that that's the day know what I mean? And it probably is anytime I think about this kind of stuff, it feels like either a goth girl writing in her journal What is what is it is? What is last night? It's convenient last night. What about?
SPEAKER_1: That's a good that's a good point. Like, what are the yeah. And so what? Right? What are the action items? What are you gonna do?
SPEAKER_0: I think the answer is be scared.
SPEAKER_1: There's no other there's no action item. There's nothing you can do. I really hope that it's just like turning off a computer. What I mean? I hope that it's like the anesthesia they gave me when I got my endoscopy. You know? 1 moment someone's counting in your ear. The next moment, just nothing, and then it was just the blinking out of a TV screen.
SPEAKER_0: It's still it's scary still to think about just not being here. But you know, last night, I was thinking about it, and I was like, you know, the if you grasp you allow yourself to remove the gauze and you look at death in a stark frank clear way None of this matters. We're back to none of this matters. You know? And so 1 of the things that I did last night when I was know, it felt like I was going down these alleyways and there was a skim thing at the end of alley. So I turn around and try and go to something else. And so I started thinking about the nothing matters kinda thing. Just as an exercise to keep my brain from from thinking about unpleasant things. And it was like, you know, well, it's the same. It's same thing you and I have talked about many times. Right? You could be the greatest at x in the history of the world, and they could sing your praises, they could build monuments and name buildings after you, and all of that. In 5000 years, those buildings will be raised. No 1 will remember you. Like, let's say that you're more remembered and more, revered than Jesus Christ. Like, his run has been 2025 years, give or take 32 years. And the question of whether he's fictional or not. The point being, there's really maybe a handful of people. That are remembered after 2000 years. So if you were the greatest of all time, and recognized as such, your mark in the grand scheme of things is nothing. Everything is impermanence. That's the word I kept coming back to. There is no there is no permanence.
SPEAKER_1: What does that mean to me? Thinking that in 2000 years, remember, remember,
SPEAKER_0: It's mean, realistically, 1 of the things I was thinking about last night, I can't remember my great grandparents' names. That's 3 generations. Right? So let's call it 75 to a hundred years. Let's call it a hundred and 50. Oh, look at me. Those people are already being forgotten. Hundred and 50. That's a drop in the bucket. That's nothing. It's just such a it's the biggest thing I have to not think about. Because it know we've had this debate and I say, well, it means that nothing means anything. And you say, well, it means this moment means everything, and it's still just it's scary and rough for me. And I think
SPEAKER_1: Well, that's what I'm trying to understand. Understand. It's not that that, you know, the reality. Reality is your death. Yeah. Don't mean to I mean, that there's just something could you think about it a lot? Like, I mean, why? So not not that you live in fear of what our hopes meant. Like, not not that. And and being remembered wash your eyes on your mind.
SPEAKER_0: Right.
SPEAKER_1: You know, so I just wonder can you know, who may maybe no connection with And
SPEAKER_0: A month from next week.
SPEAKER_1: Oh, I thought it was No.
SPEAKER_0: It's it's in
SPEAKER_1: August.
SPEAKER_0: Not July. I think I better be sure. Yeah. It's August. Was supposed to be July, and now it's August. But I I think I have my mom dying, and I have Edith dying. I have my dad in the process of dying. I read Digging Up Mother by Doug Stanhope. I'm reading I'm Glad My Mom Die. About the mom who dies of cancer. I think I'm just I think death I I think death is around me. And maybe that's why I'm thinking and the older you get, the more you think of death. The older you get, the more you think about God. Right?
SPEAKER_1: Not everybody. And I don't think over yet. He doesn't he doesn't do think so. You can. Right. Right. But but just you this this is a topic that has been on your plate for as long as I've known. Mhmm. You can Before these 2 people knew what.
SPEAKER_0: Yeah. I mean, it's it's maybe a a byproduct of maybe just spitball in here. It could be the combination of you know, my my amazing denial and compartmentalization.
SPEAKER_1: 1 hand.
SPEAKER_0: Right? Death is in a box inside of a box that's locked and chained in the back of the basement. Right? That's the 1 I try and not it's too scary. I try not think about it. On the other hand, my overthinking of of everything leads me to thinking about it. And so there 's that conflict of I wanna get as far away from the East thoughts as possible. But when they catch me, I kind of stuck on them a little bit.
SPEAKER_1: Don't know.
SPEAKER_0: It's just I don't I don't know that there's any value in thinking about death. There's no action items. It's inevitable, and I can't know. As much as I wanna know things, I don't wanna not know I can never know that. Anybody can know that. No 1 can never know that. And so it's like this terrifying thing that I can't do anything about. And yet it scares me. So I'm just trying to never think about it. Sometimes it gets me. Like, when it starts at 4, you wanna arrive at 04:05. He was over at 7. He wanna leave us. And Yeah. No. I mean, maybe subconsciously. But I don't think ahead Right? I don't I'm not thinking about it. I'm not thinking about what be like. I'm not thinking about doing it. I was looking at my calendar last night. Consciously, actively, I'm not thinking of these things. I was looking at my calendar last night, and I was scrolling through, and I saw August 20 third, there's a flight And I was like, what's that flight for? Alright. It's like I pushed it out of my mind, so I'm not thinking. Until you said It's gonna be a pain in my balls, but it'll be fine. That's the yeah. I don't I don't think I worry about it.
SPEAKER_1: I don't think I stress about it even.
SPEAKER_0: I think I'm pretty good with inevitable things. It's 1 of the reasons I'm doing well at the gym. Is I'm able to resign myself Alright. The next 50 minutes gonna be shitty, and I can't like, just not do it. I can't just sit and drink a juice juice box. I have to do this. And so as a result, I just do it. You know, there's that whole king of discomfort thing. My ability to tolerate shitty things my need to either quash down shitty things or if I can't quash them down just to live through them. And she's tracking her protein and trying to get a ton of protein and just all these things. And I'm sitting there thinking, you know, how how much simpler, how how much less time I spend trying to counteract negative things I just learned to either push them away or put my head down and power through them. It just feels much cleaner. It it makes me I almost said this to Kelly the other day, then I didn't. It reminds me of trigger alert trigger warning. It reminds me of of Adam Corolla Once I heard on his podcast, he said, you know, I drink my coffee black. I wanna have as few external dependencies Like, if I want coffee and I drink coffee with milk and sugar, then I'm somewhere that doesn't have milk and sugar, I then have to deal with that. But if I just drink flat coffee, there's either coffee or there's no coffee. And I don't have to deal with missing something. Right? I don't have lube. If I don't like, it's everything's very simple and closed. Keep things very simple and easy even if they're less than ideal. And I feel that way about this. It's like I could do collagen. I could do sunscreen. I could do all this protein and take all these supplements. Or I can go to the gym try and sleep right, and then just power through whatever happens. Right? Have a less regimented life not as good with repercussions at the other end as opposed to having this life that's regimented that you have to do all these things trying to push out the decay. Right? Trying to push off the there's a specific word I'm thinking of, and I can't the entropy. You're trying to that's the wrong word.
SPEAKER_1: So things go.
SPEAKER_0: Yeah. I mean, it's, you know, it's it's a microcosm of that don't die guy. In that documentary. Did you see that? But you know what I'm talking about. So his quality of life is not great. He may live to a hundred and 50. But if you graph quality and length of life, Right? He stay he goes far on the right. But he stays low. Right? And then somebody who's drinking and doing drugs, they're super high. On this scale. Everything's great. Everything's fun. But they're they don't move to the right very much. And so I see you know, Kelly as as somewhere in the middle, Her life isn't as good as mine if she does all this stuff. But it goes longer. So it's it's q times l. It's quality times lifetime. That number, let's say your quality of life, let's say it's 50 50 percent. 50. And she lives to be 100.
SPEAKER_1: That's I asked, does she think taking I mean, her own self a lot They do. Yeah. You know, in college, you just help them stay home from work. But does she have a sense that that that will mean that she will Don't know.
SPEAKER_0: I think I think yeah. I think living longer and looking better longer. Which I think looking better longer is more important to Kelly than living longer. Right?
SPEAKER_2: Anyway, so
SPEAKER_0: I guess ultimately I'm talking about return on investment. Right? Return being length of life, investment being the amount of work that you have to do to have that length of life.
SPEAKER_1: You know, how she worked it? You know how much she and more clean living wash before you work it.
SPEAKER_0: No. She she ate like shit, and she smoked most of her life. She didn't she was way too heavy. For most of her life. So she was kinda doing what she wanted, and and she made it to what? I'm 55. She was 23. She made it to 78. It's not a bad run. Yeah. I mean, and I guess it's subjective. Right? Kelly wants to look good for as long as she can. And this is an acceptable sacrifice. It's an acceptable investment for the return. I think my I'm willing to invest less and accept that my return will be less. I like simple. Like, that's that's what it comes down to. Right? Order in the chaos in the order. I like simple. I want organized. I want structured. I want the least amount of moving parts. You know? Wanna have all my data and a spreadsheet
SPEAKER_1: But you know the morning you've had a things to your life, things like Like, you didn't like, they're working out. You were, like, and you were moving towards that cause
SPEAKER_0: No. It's never cool. Feels good.
SPEAKER_1: Okay. So this is kinda feels good? It feels good after.
SPEAKER_2: Yeah.
SPEAKER_0: You know, and that's that's an exception. I've decided apparently none of this is conscious, but I've decided apparently that the return investment of the gym which is stupidly expensive, Right? That's the last thing I need is another 90 dollars a week. It's 360 dollars a month. Right? It's 4 4 or 5000 dollars a year. But apparently, I've decided the investment is worth it.
SPEAKER_1: If if the
SPEAKER_0: Did I have I paid that last bill, by the way, Because it it's not in my inbox anymore, but I don't remember paying it. Kellen wasn't attending that gym. No. No.
SPEAKER_1: No. So there's value as well. Right? I get credit. So I get healthy. I get credit. I get out of the house, which I know is good for me. As Kelly was saying last night, it's really the only social group that we have. And that's valuable. Right? The regular people that are there, we get to know and we talk. And there's, like, this guy, Michael and his husband who live up here, and we wanna invite them over and so so there's a lot of value there, and I've apparently decided investment is worth it. I had apparently not decided
SPEAKER_0: And asked me if I put sunscreen on. That tips it over the over the edge to worth it. You I know. It's it's funny because and this actually speaks to the simplicity need You know, if I about the things that I say over and over to you, We still good on time? Yeah. It seems that there are 3 things that keep coming back. And that's return on investment, whether it's friendships or actions Right? It's analyzing, do I get as much? If not more, than I put in. That's important to me. And then the other thing is, you know, my my struggle and my need and my wants to understand context and motivation. In other people and have people understand my context and I think it's 1 of the reasons I talk so much It's 1 of the reasons that I have huge frustrations over not feeling heard. I need to make sure that everybody understands where I'm coming from. I don't want them to think bad about me because they have the wrong information. Their Context, motivation, and an ROI.
SPEAKER_1: So in the return on investment, the drug was contacted.
SPEAKER_0: Yeah. And the thing is if I if I then sorry. I'm I'm going into therapist mode here. If I then think, okay. Well, can I boil that all down into 1 thing? And it's quantification. I'm trying to quantify the value of everything.
SPEAKER_1: Is that to decide if you
SPEAKER_0: I think it's because I because unknowns make me super uncomfortable. You know? I think I'd I hate unknowns. And, and so I'm trying to have a few unknowns as possible. I think that's what's it. I think that's what it is.
SPEAKER_1: I think that's kind of all that's kind of, like, the whole child's age, 1 day or another.
SPEAKER_0: Maybe. Just not feeling like I knew what was what the deal was, and so I'm trying to and, you know, it's guaranteed. Right? Could I live my life trying to have these absolutes, trying to have Like it when you were younger, Nate, not knowing you know, dad was in the in the in in
SPEAKER_1: Right. I know.
SPEAKER_0: Right.
SPEAKER_1: You're now I'm not waiting for them to do it. I'm I'm told.
SPEAKER_0: I'm I'm I'm
SPEAKER_1: I'm tell you that it sounds so much And I wonder if it's the kind of fear of not being in my head and that I can have 4 drummies or I can discourage.
SPEAKER_0: Just have what?
SPEAKER_1: Yeah. Going down that road of finding ways to sleep.
SPEAKER_0: I mean, in the in the past, I would do 2 gummies, and then if I couldn't fall asleep, I would do half of a diazepam. Right?
SPEAKER_1: What? I went to medication.
SPEAKER_0: It's gone. I mean, it we're my doctor and I both doctors and I have been very careful Right? It's no refills and 10 tablets. Which is for me 20 doses. You know? And I'll go through those over the course of 3 or 4 months. And then I'll you know, not ask for it for a while. It's important to me that I don't like, if he were just if he were to give me you know, a monthly 30 dose prescription there's just there's simply no way that 6 months from now, I'm not doing a full volume every night. You know what I mean? It just would become a thing. And it would just become a thing that I'm in. And so then would it turn into when I'm feeling stressed, take 1, and all of a sudden, now I'm taking 3 a day, and I'm a pill head. Right? So I see that slippery slope and, And, you know, when I take yeah. We're running out of time. When I take 4, I know it's gonna be shitty. Because 1 of the things that happens when I get too high is I think my my my blood vessels open up. Like, would I've taken Viagra before? You can that's what it does. Right? It open it increases blood flow. It opens up the the blood. And as a result, your nose gets stuffy. Your eyes feel like they're bulging out of your head. Like, there's all these things that happen. And when I get high, my nose gets stuffy. And so then I get into this cycle of I need to breathe through my nose Oh, I'm not getting enough hair. I'm not getting enough oxygen. Okay. I gotta breathe through my mouth. And then it's oh, now my mouth is dry. It's completely dry. I have to close my mouth. Have to wet my mouth. My mouth is completely dry. Oh, I can't breathe through my nose. It's this whole thing. It's shitty. And it it happens at 3. I just Falling asleep is rough because you're just there with your head. You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_1: Yeah.
SPEAKER_0: Yeah. I mean, using some of those meditation techniques when I'm trying to fall asleep, I think would be good. They you know, I don't think you wanna use meditation to go to sleep because then if you do meditation, then your body says, oh, it's time to go to sleep. But look, you used to do it once a day.
SPEAKER_1: And then you have to once a day.
SPEAKER_0: Right.
SPEAKER_1: Right. And before we jump, so Emma's car.
SPEAKER_0: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Her the the bottom line was she took it in. It was having problems. It was then fine. She drove it. It looks like if she drives it for more than 30 minutes, it has problems. So there's a heat. There's a temperature thing going on Obviously.
SPEAKER_1: How are you involved? I I get to feel like a dad.
SPEAKER_0: I get to give her my knowledge and not feel about it. Right? She calls up, and she said, III feel guilty when I'm like, oh, I have
SPEAKER_2: Let me me the dad.
SPEAKER_0: But if it's a specific thing, you know, she calls up and she says, well, the payments on this new car her her old car, it's gonna be 4 grand to fix with no guarantee it won't break down in 6 months. Right? So it's she needs to get out from under it. So she's talking has the car she wants, I and I I got to talk to her about you know, go in with a number that you absolutely will not go pass. The drive it off the lot number. And that's the way to do it. Like, don't let them say, well, just for 12 500, you can know. 12000 off the lot, all taxes, everything all in, or I'm walking away. That kind of stuff is valuable and then she called me yesterday and she was like, okay. They're they're reviewing my loan and I really wanna get this car and it's gonna be about 330 dollars including the warranty. And I was like, wait. Like, what is a warranty? Well, it's kinda like insurance. What have I always said insurance? Well, it's like gambling. Okay. So I'm not gonna tell you not to get warranty. The question is it costs you a thousand dollars a month or a year for the warranty. Ask yourself about this card. Do you think you're going to need a thousand dollars in repairs in the next year? Because if you don't, you shouldn't get the warranty. And if you do, you shouldn't get this car. Like, you know and I was very clear. I was like, I'm not gonna tell you not to to get it because then it's gonna break down in 3 months and you're gonna be like, why did you Right? It's an anecdotal thing. What I'm saying is I never gotten the warranty. I think it's a bad bet.
SPEAKER_1: Anyway, so I I feel like I'm being I feel like I'm being a dad.
SPEAKER_0: And that feels good.
SPEAKER_1: Is that a situation that you thought about and talked yourself out of? Health insurance financial with that down payment? No.
SPEAKER_0: She's the down payment is gonna be the J Car that she has. And I'm proud of her because she really wants to do this on her own. She wants to do it without a cosigner. She she wants to be an adult. She's got a real job now. Has a real place where she where she lives on her own. She wants to get her own car. She wants right? And that's amazing. Kelly and I were talking last night. The the interest rate is 10 percent. It's very high. So we were talking last night. Well, what if we financed it for her at 5 or at 7 percent? We would get a better return on our money and she would get a cheaper rate. Like, everybody wins. And then we were like, well, she wants to get it tomorrow. Like, we should think about this blah blah. And then I realized and said to Kelly, we actually don't have to do anything. Let her get the loan. If we decide we wanna do this, we pay off the loan. Right? No harm, no foul. So anyway. So there is some talk about and I haven't talked about Emma about it yet. Just Kelly and I figuring it out. But there's an opportunity here for you know, it's what Kelly calls the rich dad mentality. If you have money, and somebody needs money, you can loan it to them for less than they can get it elsewhere, everybody wins. Right? You're not gonna find a 7 percent savings account out there. So so, no, I never thought about cosigning for it, and she doesn't want that.
SPEAKER_1: It wasn't asking about cosigning. I'm asking that. Like, giving her some money. Or doing this thing where you're, you know, giving her a loan for the rate.
SPEAKER_2: Right. Right.
SPEAKER_0: Did I pay you for June?
SPEAKER_1: You did not.
SPEAKER_0: Okay.
SPEAKER_1: Noted.
SPEAKER_0: Tasks. Pay Rebecca hashtag home. Okay. Alright. I will talk to you next week.
SPEAKER_1: Alright.
SPEAKER_0: Alright. Bye.
SPEAKER_1: Okay.