Memory from 2025-07-09T16:21:56.164900+00:00

Title: Group Shares Reflections on Sobriety and Faith
Overview: The conversation centers on a group support meeting, likely Alcoholics Anonymous, where multiple participants share personal stories of addiction, recovery, and their evolving relationships with faith and a higher power. Members express gratitude, discuss struggles with self-pity and reaching out for help, and describe how spiritual practices and community have aided their sobriety. The meeting also includes brief administrative and logistical updates about ongoing projects, technical issues, and business metrics, with team members discussing file naming, sales reporting anomalies, and upcoming tasks.

Transcript:
SPEAKER_1: and I stumbled across this meeting, and we were all dressed up. Were wearing suits. We were And then we have signed up the wall in the meeting, and it I just thought, how dare you how dare you? I'll be a missive tell me it might be optional because I just didn't get what you're saying, and then, I've said, I I often think, state that I was in when I got to AA, and that looks gallery up that I was when I was new suicidal on the knee saying, oh, you know, please minded, willing, and just try and invest with just the self pityant. I have just been off, like, I just I always just keep doing it, and I think that is the so much. Wonderful.
SPEAKER_0: Thank you so much. I will now call upon volunteer's chair.
SPEAKER_2: To share. Please either use the Zoom electronic handrates via your message in chat or wave from your our topic which God either insert his God is what is our choice? To be? Yeah. So that's a thinker. Sure. So we'll give everybody a minute to think about that. Catherine, that's Oh, here we go. Well done, Matthew. Thank you for your share, Catherine. And God's god is a big in a big part of my life.
SPEAKER_3: I've come to find out more and more all drama that that didn't find so that I I'm not too But I try to make a more and more part of my life every day. Just because it's you know, I know he's there. And I I know I can do this by myself. I know I'm not here myself. I just moved on a long time ago. And is. The web. I know he I know he's there. I know that. And also, I've been trying to watch my diet kinda hard whenever it's the stronger that mom gets too, and I feel And, yeah, I started I started to get closer to them every day. That's like that's my goals. It's the first thing on my mind when I wake up. And I'm happy to be sober, and I'm happy to be here. Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_2: You so much. Let's see. Next up is Michelle.
SPEAKER_4: Hi. My name is Michelle. I'm an alcoholic. Thank you for your sleeping, and thank you. Catherine. You know, thank you for your service to see this evening, and thank you for, you know, the support that I see you give to women in athletics and entrepreneurship who supported me tremendously and you do what you say, don't just you know, talk the talk. You you leave all the walk, and you've been in inspiration to me. I I really identified with you were drinking, you when you spoke about the Diamond Whites and, you know, that was that was my go to when I first started drinking at 15. You know, always complicated with my drinking. Like, I did with that, what we spoke about. You know, thank God for your robot and my spouse and and for, you know, to make yeah. Thank God for our work button. You know? It's kept you sober. I'm I'm working the program for this this kept you sober. As you know, I'm sort of you know, I'm being real self pulled on the way, and I'm finding it quite a struggle to reach out. You know? And I know that that's not what God wants for me. You know? And I believe that know, God's put me on this meeting to, you know, call some details of it. And I'm I'm really grateful to you, Kevin. That's what I'm gonna say. I think amazing recovery, and Yeah. That'll be good there. Thank you.
SPEAKER_2: Oh, thanks for thanks, Michelle. Welcome. And Louie, I put your hand down by the state. Put it back up. And in fact, I'm calling on people out of the border. Because I'm on this different device today. So I'm sorry. Next up is Charlie and Deborah on deck, and then we lose that according to the thank you.
SPEAKER_4: Good morning, everybody.
SPEAKER_2: Charlie Alcoholic. Thank you, Catherine, for your share. You know? God. Oh, wow.
SPEAKER_5: Is he is he or is he not? Is he everything is you know, it's it's a god. So So when you think about it, And when I got here, god was there.
SPEAKER_4: You know? He was just a guy at up in the sky.
SPEAKER_5: You know? Big big beard. Big guy. That's how I looked at. And it wasn't part of my life. The way he is now. And the program has brought that to me. And I didn't question I just knew inside that god was always there. Did I have a relationship with him? No. Now when I was a kid I was raised as a Catholic and went through a lot of different things. Greeting, looking, blah blah blah.
SPEAKER_2: But today, he's my friend.
SPEAKER_5: He's the person I talk to when I wake up in the I start my day with him.
SPEAKER_4: And he for me, he's a hymn.
SPEAKER_5: I haven't you know, that's how I identify.
SPEAKER_4: And
SPEAKER_5: I realized that he's always there, or God is always in my life. And always has been. All you to do is look outside. And I see a billion leaves that live in I live in the mountains. And it's amazing. It's just amazing. And as you were sitting talking, about your life and how you have become sober. Your life has changed. I went, wow.
SPEAKER_3: That's god.
SPEAKER_5: You know? She's saying his words. She's presenting her life so that we can connect with it and grow. That's how I have grown in this program is to you guys. I'm listening to God's word that come out of your mouth, which is amazing. Just type of life, it's starts my day, and it makes things go right, and wrong. But just life. And I can accept all those things because I start off with the morning thought. Just like I went to another human being. And it kind of just made it everything easier. Even when there is real, pardon me, going on in my life. All the rooms are running after me. Just calm down. Breath, and pause. That pause is a real cool Real thing.
SPEAKER_2: Yeah. And I use it as well.
SPEAKER_0: That first. I'm just saying, hey, God.
SPEAKER_5: I'm here. God, what do I do? I can give it back to you. You, God. Works. It's worked.
SPEAKER_3: For a while for me.
SPEAKER_5: I was over
SPEAKER_2: 19 years.
SPEAKER_5: So, anyways, thank you for your share. Have a great 24.
SPEAKER_2: Thanks, Charlie. It's up Deborah Luisa on Zach.
SPEAKER_1: Hey.
SPEAKER_6: Hi. Deborah and Blake will be coming out of the public.
SPEAKER_1: I'm a thank you so much for your beautiful share.
SPEAKER_7: I truly got it right down here in my soul. Resheeting you. God is or God isn't? That is a huge learning question. I've had many, many versions of God throughout my life. Right now, I'm recovering cashless, and
SPEAKER_5: I grew up in that big and it was a beer based dog for me, with punishment.
SPEAKER_7: And always having to be good, do good, And there were too many rules and regulations. And I couldn't understand why had to be so many 1. My heart, I just thought God was just love. And so as I came into this when I was in my throes of drain, we drinking, it was almost the foxhole prayers. It was gotta be a god. God, get me out of this. And then early in recovery, why does she do this? To me? And then it became God's thank you for doing this for me because I didn't do it myself. So for me, there is a God, and now God is male in unisex, whatever. There are many, many names to the god that is in my life, and I worship that a god in many different ways, and I follow several different religious practices. So for me, if I take a look out here in my backyard, there's a tree that was being tree, and my heart was hurting. And when I realized that the tree was being groomed. And that was stopped. And then I'm getting croomed in my life. And who's doing that? That's God. That's my glory of the direction. The way I live my life today, it's God given. My prayers will God given. So I am present. To the God that is in everything in this universe. My daughter, in the trees, in my plants, in everything. There is a in order to election of everything. So for me, that is, and I am grateful. And thank you so much for listening to me.
SPEAKER_6: Bye.
SPEAKER_2: And then think it's Chris and then Apple's I had.
SPEAKER_1: You, Catherine. It was lovely to listen to you. And I well, while while I was listening to you, I was thinking it was so many similar there's so many similarities without drinking, but, certainly, the the type of alcoholic iron, I'm I'm not from the top of my head, the tip of my toes, and that I also that's that question, of course, I know there's a reason, and I can just hear you saying I'm I'm very
SPEAKER_8: I I understand that I would to I would I would like the world to work my way, you know, and I have to. And it didn't work my way. Know? And that that I found endlessly frightening, frustrating, and that that every time that leads to to drinking is my only solution to that. And I I was surprised to be able to find the dollar things. Was fair for Bay A on the first day. I knew I believe it was some color God is, and I have to trust all of my life to to to that, not just the best, but think you choose. And then and it is something that the the the routine that you you touched upon, you know, that the simplicity of this program that isn't always easy to maintain. You know, it's it's on my knees and asking first over day to remind me of who it is. To leave off it for the day. It's it's really important to me. You know? And and that that that learning how to I might not be able to listen to music sometimes, and this year has certainly been a number coaches. A rubber coaster and learning how to keep dancing even though I can't always quite hear music and trusting in my solution, you know, following the solution and rest a definite the thing. Yes. He is for me, and thank you so much. He's been looking into kind of a bit there.
SPEAKER_2: Oh, thank you so much. Chris is very humbly and highly told that the apples are next and that she which gonna be alcoholic.
SPEAKER_3: Hi,
SPEAKER_8: Debbie. And thank you so much, Catherine, for your beautiful share and
SPEAKER_5: I loved your honesty and just, you know, talking about, you know, when we were new, when
SPEAKER_8: It's always a good reminder to, like, what was it like over there now and you know, for me, I was very similar to Catherine.
SPEAKER_5: I was very it was worse to not have alcohol.
SPEAKER_8: Like, alcohol saved my
SPEAKER_5: I think it saved my sanity and kept me from killing myself for a longer.
SPEAKER_8: Then you know, when I my first year of survival down, just couldn't stop thinking about how I could off myself. And I didn't have a God in my life, and they you know, I've been in a home for this that was, like, really religious. And they told me that I was possessed by the devil, and this is what was wrong with me. And I was I was on board with them for a while because I was like, yeah. Probably, this has to be something. I don't know what's wrong with me. Like, why do I keep doing these? You know, these things to myself?
SPEAKER_3: Can you know, my sponsor told me know, you don't have to, you know, whatever.
SPEAKER_5: If you just do believe that I believe, And I said, well, yeah, I can see you believe. She's a very spiritual
SPEAKER_8: She seemed very peaceful. I did want what she had. I want that peace.
SPEAKER_5: I just I wanted the angst to go. Because I felt so all the time.
SPEAKER_3: I just life was a grind.
SPEAKER_5: She said, well, I'll share my god with you. And I remember just I didn't know what she meant by that, but she said just pray.
SPEAKER_7: Pray or whatever.
SPEAKER_6: Pray not pray just pray in universe, and you know, and I started to see god in nature.
SPEAKER_5: I could see the stars, and I like, you know, she said they're bigger than you. You didn't put them there.
SPEAKER_8: Something else put them there.
SPEAKER_5: Like, so there's something bigger.
SPEAKER_8: More powerful than you. And then you know, that can help you.
SPEAKER_5: And but you have to ask for help. And know, that was a game changer for me.
SPEAKER_8: So that got either answered, and it God became a part of my life without me really unknowing it.
SPEAKER_5: Know? It was like it was you know, I felt like I did get kinda kinda tricky too.
SPEAKER_8: But, you know, And I've ever say that too. Just feel like you're brainwashing me all of you are brainwashing me. And, you know, my sponsor's husband, he well, thank your brain, please. Lord, Washington. And he he said in his Alabama drill, and it's overthinking, how weird it be?
SPEAKER_5: But I never really thinking you try.
SPEAKER_8: I my brain is so screwed up. My brain wants to off myself. Like, they're they're is something truly wrong with that brain. You know, I'm I'm so grateful to have all the new friends here, and and just, you know, welcome to all of you. And I hope you come back. We're here every day.
SPEAKER_3: I'll we're continuing.
SPEAKER_4: Happy points here.
SPEAKER_3: Thanks, Debbie. Great to be here, and yeah, welcome to the first timers here.
SPEAKER_9: We're really glad that you're here. You know, Carrie talked about when we first started this meeting, and sometimes it does really shock me that it's still going on. We've got new people showing up and the first time they're showing up from the country and all over the place. Many congratulations. 14 days, man. That's great. And, Matthew, you know, it's good to see you here participating in camera and just being a part of the deal. And I think that's really important. Not not only when we've got some time but when we're new especially. And, Catherine, great to hear your share today. You know, I was thinking you've been a part of this meeting for a while, and and you're you're the type that, you know, gets commitments and and and sticks around before and after and visits stuff, you know, you're really a part of this meeting. And but yet I had never heard your story until today. And I related to quite a bit of it. There was something you said, Kathleen, that reminded me of when I had a few days off from work, if I was off work for 3 or 4 days consecutive, you know, maybe a normal person would go, I don't know, volunteer at Marche Dimes or, you know, look to help out with a feed to homeless a soup kitchen or something, you know, really good or paint to house or maybe work out in the garden or something really nice And for me, when I was off, it was 3 or 4 days from work, I thought all I could really think about was this is great. I can get as loaded as I want to, and I don't have to worry about hangover. I can just get smashed, and nobody's gonna bother me. And I never would have thought to myself that I was out over alcohol. I wouldn't have worded it that way. Let's say if I step I told myself I'm not gonna drink till Friday, then, like, Wednesday will s around and I have a beer. I would decide to have another 1, and I just thought it was, well, I changed my mind. You know, I just I decided after 1 or 2 beers. I'm gonna have another 1. I didn't think I was power with silver alcohol. When I came
SPEAKER_3: Morning, everybody.
SPEAKER_0: We get T shirt mic today.
SPEAKER_3: Same shirt as I was wearing yesterday.
SPEAKER_0: Oh, I didn't notice that. I was I was not paying attention to shirts yesterday, apparently.
SPEAKER_3: Do you to be?
SPEAKER_8: Alright.
SPEAKER_2: Yeah. The Patrick Grain stuff is there. Is he I had to comp together, and I have that sitting over here.
SPEAKER_3: That'll be done shortly. Cool. And then the additional pedal for placing,
SPEAKER_9: Yeah. So we're I felt like I knew that
SPEAKER_3: I have to bring the progress.
SPEAKER_9: I was gonna take a look at it. It was weird.
SPEAKER_3: And, like Yeah. It moved the brack. Yeah. I saw that too. Okay. Well, it's back to you.
SPEAKER_9: Perfect.
SPEAKER_3: Yeah. I'm gonna shoot.
SPEAKER_10: Yeah.
SPEAKER_0: I'll I'll take a look at the notes and and and editing.
SPEAKER_9: And then, yeah, social flip, should be the last 1 of the batch.
SPEAKER_11: So 1 more, and this 1 will be a little bit different than the other ones as well. So I don't know if we're trying some stuff out of the new ones. So
SPEAKER_2: Great.
SPEAKER_3: Jasmine, are you around tomorrow as well or or just taking Friday? I can't remember.
SPEAKER_12: I could be on mom.
SPEAKER_13: I think. I guess, let me I'll check what I remember. Think it was.
SPEAKER_3: Checking me about that.
SPEAKER_12: Your space just offered a little bit of a something in 1 of their newsletters, and I'm just kinda seeing if we can do it. I've given them a lot of money, though, so I'm not, like, super tripping off it. Julia, anything with these translations because they're not update on that? Well, we need to touch base about it, don't we?
SPEAKER_8: Yeah. We need to touch base about it.
SPEAKER_12: So sorry.
SPEAKER_11: Problem.
SPEAKER_12: I have T arabian cream drafted. But I'm just talking with Jim Stout The name is not feasible. It's just TR 08:08 Arabian Arabian Prince True West Coast. It's just too long. So I reached out to Jim yesterday about changing it to either 2 West Coast, and then having it, you know, be clear that it's by Iranian prints or changing it to Iranian prints. Anyway. That's kind of the last thing. So sorry about that, Jasmine. I didn't notice that it defied the renaming convention we've used for the last 6 years. So So soon as I get an answer on them, we'll be able to knock it out.
SPEAKER_9: And that's all for board fanning later this afternoon.
SPEAKER_12: So I think I made all the tickets saying necessary. I'll go through again.
SPEAKER_3: Later today just to make sure. Glaciers, but that's the Woah. Drop.
SPEAKER_12: A day, but Carl forgot to give Marco the bills, so that's going out a little bit later today instead. John Tahoe went out, so I'm learning to cheap. Mister Kelly, did anything additional to her for?
SPEAKER_9: Yes. Well, thank you. Thank you for the update. Couple things. We're at
SPEAKER_6: 33 percent, which is good.
SPEAKER_14: So we're at 200000 out of 616000. So that's good. That's good. That's a head of schedule as we would say. So that's that's a positive. That puts us at 93 percent towards our budget and already at 5 percent year over year growth even if July were to end. Today. So this is all positive. With that said, there's a little bit of a I don't wanna say an anomaly. I think it's just recording catching up, but I'll I'll show you guys. It would be the the something seems off because we haven't sold a BOGO or a drum machine collection in 2 days now. So I'll I'll check with John. Do you see this purple line?
SPEAKER_6: This is the the sales combined.
SPEAKER_14: Ain't nothing happened for the past few days. That seems very odd that we haven't even sold 1. So basically, the numbers have not changed in 48 hours. I don't believe it. So I I think it's a reporting issue, not a know, the buildings and fire issue, but just just something as an FYI so that that could jump up a a little bit more, which certainly take. We're about 16000 today. Which isn't too surprising. That could be as we see that we're reporting tick back over, it could jump up again. It just is a little bit minutiae, getting into it. Mike, I did reach out privately to fill over a club and boutique and just said, hey. Can you take the SoundCloud Links? I'd rather do the embeds if we can. So So please don't let break yourself trying get all the m p threes. Makes me realize you've probably already done it. I'm whole.
SPEAKER_12: No. I definitely do.
SPEAKER_3: So I was waiting for a response to you. That's a good Really glorious task that I will only do if forced.
SPEAKER_14: Yeah. And and looking through their sight quite honestly, I didn't see a lot of audio demos anyway. In fact, you know, the the more and more I look it, it seems to be. They're not trying to sell you on something as much as sell you something if what I'm saying. Like, it's a you've made a decision to buy, not a would you like to listen to the hi hat in isolation for 15 minutes? It's like, no. I've already decided to take my money. So the it's it's a lot more transactional. So it might be a TMI to begin with, so we might just do that. Don't worry about it. I sent over a draft just to him, not officially, of the plugging boutique setup file as we have it. I did put the SEMworks stuff in there that you you said just as a placeholder. Just to say, can you work with this? You said you could
SPEAKER_0: Thanks a lot, buddy. Thanks. Bye.